[docs] Created Gatsby guide (#6239)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/guides/using-gatsby.md

[Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/) is a React framework that helps you perform pre-rendering on your websites.
Using Gatsby with Expo will enable you to [pre-render](https://www.netlify.com/blog/2016/11/22/prerendering-explained/) the web part of your Expo app. You'll also be able to use the [web enabled Unimodules](https://www.native.directory/) like Camera, Gestures, Permissions, etc... with the Gatsby tool-chain!

This guide will show you how to use the Gatsby CLI to develop your websites with the Expo SDK.

## Example

If you'd like to just jump right into it then check out the Expo Gatsby example: [expo/examples: with Gatsby](https://github.com/expo/examples/edit/master/with-gatsby/)

## 🏁 Setup

We put all of the features for Expo web in the plugin [`gatsby-plugin-react-native-web`](https://github.com/slorber/gatsby-plugin-react-native-web) so setup would be as easy as possible. This guide will show you how to install and use it. Under the hood it's basically doing what `expo start:web` and the Expo + Next.js workflows are doing.

### Expo projects with Next.js

> - Create a new Expo project - `expo init --template blank`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new project - `expo init --template blank`
```

- Install the plugin
  - **using yarn** - `yarn add gatsby-plugin-react-native-web`
  - using npm - `npm install --save gatsby-plugin-react-native-web`
- Create a `gatsby-config.js` and use the plugin - `touch gatsby-config.js`

  `gatsby-config.js`

  ```js
  module.exports = {
    plugins: [
      `gatsby-plugin-react-native-web`,
      /* ... */
    ],
  };
  ```

> - Install the Expo Babel preset: `yarn add -D babel-preset-expo`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the babel preset: `yarn add -D babel-preset-expo`
```

- Create a `babel.config.js` and use the Babel preset - `touch babel.config.js`

  `babel.config.js`

  ```js
  module.exports = {
    presets: ['babel-preset-expo'],
  };
  ```

- Add `/.cache` and `/public` to your `.gitignore`
- Run `yarn gatsby develop` to try it out!

### Gatsby projects with Expo

- Create a new Gatsby project
  - Install the CLI - `npm install -g gatsby-cli`
  - Bootstrap - `gatsby new gatsby-site`
- Install the plugin
  - **using yarn** - `yarn add react-native-web gatsby-plugin-react-native-web`
  - using npm - `npm install --save react-native-web gatsby-plugin-react-native-web`
- Create a `gatsby-config.js` and use the plugin - `touch gatsby-config.js`

  `gatsby-config.js`

  ```js
  module.exports = {
    plugins: [
      `gatsby-plugin-react-native-web`,
      /* ... */
    ],
  };
  ```

> - Install the Expo Babel preset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the babel preset
```

  - using npm - `npm install --save-dev babel-preset-expo`
- Create a `babel.config.js` and use the Babel preset - `touch babel.config.js`

  `babel.config.js`

  ```js
  module.exports = {
    presets: ['babel-preset-expo'],
  };
  ```

- Add `/.cache` and `/public` to your `.gitignore`
- Run `yarn gatsby develop` to try it out!
- [optional] You can now install other Expo modules:
  - Core packages: `yarn add expo`
  - Gestures: `yarn add react-native-gesture-handler`
  - hooks: `yarn add react-native-web-hooks`

## 🏁 New Commands

You'll want to use the Gatsby CLI to develop the web part of your app now. You should still use `expo-cli` to run on iOS, and Android.

- **Starting web**

  - 🚫 `expo start:web`
  - ✅ `yarn gatsby develop`

- **Building web**

  - 🚫 `expo build:web`
  - ✅ `yarn gatsby build`

- **Serving your static project**
  - 🚫 `serve web-build`
  - ✅ `yarn gatsby serve`

## Contributing

If you would like to help make Gatsby support in Expo better, please feel free to open a PR or submit an issue:

- [Expo CLI][expo-cli]

If you have any problems rendering a certain component with pre-rendering then you can submit fixes to the expo/expo repo:

> - [Expo packages][expo-packages]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Expo SDK packages][expo-packages]
```

> If you're curious how Expo support works under the hood, check out the first support PR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're curious how Expo support works under the hood, you can refer to this pull request:
```
